Region where campaign takes place.

- The Immortal Principality of Ustalav is where most of this campaign will be taking place. It's analagous to the real world Transylvania with various myths of vampires, werewolves, and other sorts of creatures of the night. It is a loosely gathered collection of counties and dukedoms ruled by the prince in Caliphas, his highness, Prince Aduard Ordranti III. 
- To the west, there are the Gravelands (formerly known as Lastwall) and the Hold of Belkzen. The Gravelands are under the rule of the [Whispering Tyrant](../People/Whispering%20Tyrant.md), Tar-Baphon; a lich king long thought to be permanently sealed within his tower at Gallowspire during the shining crusade 300 years ago. The country of Lastwall was formed to maintain the vigil on the Whispering Tyrant and was the first land to fall. Three years ago, he freed himself from his tower and his undead hordes ran rampant across the continent in a mad dash to claim the starstone of Absalom for himself and ascend to true godhood. A combined army held him back and he has retreated to his fortress on the [Isle of Terror](Isle%20of%20Terror.md) in Lake Encarthan which lies on Ustalav's southern shores. The Hold of Belkzen is the name given to the collection of orcish clans to the northwest of Ustalav. Previously, they had served the [Whispering Tyrant](../People/Whispering%20Tyrant.md) Tar-Baphon but due to a betrayal near the end of the shining crusade, now despise him and are actively fighting his forces and attempting to unify their clans to better resist.

Contains:
[Castle Dahlia](Castle%20Dahlia.md)
