[Ganash](../People/Ganash.md) and [Cerbera](../People/Cerbera.md) laid chase to the bat creature with two very different schools of thought. Respectively, they were: shoot everything that moves in the sky or chase it down. Neither worked. One of the injured invisi-bois escaped over the castle low wall but [Erimor](../People/Erimor.md) has a sense for where it went. The guards and [Landsmaster Lorelei Grisham](../People/Landsmaster%20Lorelei%20Grisham.md) came to figure out what had happened in the meantime among the gruesome surgery [Erimor](../People/Erimor.md) and [Cerbera](../People/Cerbera.md) were conducting on the dead invisi-boi. Biggest things that came out were that the wight/zombie was a former gardenhand named [Elemer Greevs](../People/Elemer%20Greevs.md) and that as far as anyone could tell, he had not completed his objective, whatever it was. [Landsmaster Lorelei Grisham](../People/Landsmaster%20Lorelei%20Grisham.md), not being magically inclined, passed off the information to the court mage, [Ariox Corundum](../People/Ariox%20Corundum.md) (not condom. Stop it. Get some help). After many squawks, chirps, stutters, and coos, Ariox pieced together using his disturbing knowledgeability of necromancy and demonology that the many recent bloody events around the counties were focal points for some sort of immense [Summoning Circle](../Missions/Summoning%20Circle.md). Two points are missing: the one that remains incomplete in the servant's quarters, and one at an old haunted home named the [Saffron House](../Locations/Saffron%20House.md) owned by a deceased baron possibly associated with the Whispering Tyrant. Ariox intends to go disrupt one of the other major focal points with Lorelei and a small company in tow while the party ventures to the Saffron House which is suspected to be the base of operations based on the fact that the summoning must be initiated from there. Before heading out, the party makes a quick stop at Elemer's roommate's place. [Alison Kindler](../People/Alison%20Kindler.md), the roommate, comes out, fixes [Jean-Os](../People/Jean-Os.md)' boots and invites everyone in. The party finds practiced runes in Elemer's room and a withering mandragora (a plant watered with demon blood). Jamie wants to pull out his boat.